>> This week on Gaia.
On "Channeling, A
Bridge to the Beyond."
>> We're not just in
harmony with each other,
but we're in harmony
with the animal kingdom,
we're in harmony with nature.
And at that point
in evolution, that's
when other beings will make
themselves known to us.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> Culture upon culture speaks
about a similar understanding
of the nature of reality that's
far more than what most of us
fix our attention upon.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Government knew early in
the '60s, military people had
special abilities
to foresee things.
But there wasn't any
controlled environment.
Protocols were standardized, and
military remote viewing program
Stargate was born.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
"Because if you
get the awareness
of what the shadow
is and you get
the awareness of the
origin of that shadow,
and then you're like, oh
God, thank you for that.
That's awesome.
And usually, that's all
it takes, 90% of the time,
just that level of
awareness with no judgment,
but gratitude.
>> On the Awakening conference.
>> Imagine, there's loads of
lay lines coursing through
Stonehenge.
But more than that,
at the center,
you have a convergence of
Earth currents rising out
of the ground.
>> On "The Other Side."
>> To the creator of
your own dilemmas.
And you're here to
have a human experience
and to learn from being human.
>> New documentary.
>> Each of us on this planet,
who are having this awareness
and having this awakening,
each have a unique gift
to contribute to the
becoming of new Earth.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]